Yes, yes!
I turned myself in. I supported what they did
I want money.
So based on antiques
I also know that the young master has a grudge against Ye Xian
So let them steal the antiques
Take out part of the planted Ye Qian
Everything has nothing to do with other people
Since you voluntarily admit
You're going to have a great time in prison
Ben Shaobao, you let your family let you go
Master Faucher
Looks like the truth has come out
It's just prepared by one of my men
Let him be free
He boy, you are despicable and shameless
My baby hum
What can I do?
I have more than one scapegoat
What can you do to me?
What about me?
It certainly is.
I'm taking your democracy
But I can fool you and Dashou once.
This feels really good
What do you mean by kidding me?
Do you think I will really take advantage of this opportunity to change my name?
I just borrowed my women's stories
I didn't expect to scare these people out
Master He
I suggest you take your men to practice more courage
Practice less of these tendons
Too timid